but also stefan the free himself with it is my goal to win
follow but also the zero steps to keep
what your team has will be given for next Sunday
Well no
I haven't given them that yet, but I have
Of course we agreed to be that
encounter goals too easily from standard situations and
we also have to worry about the remains
yes there we wanted to play a good match and
what you are doing
continue that line and they win
entry team against an opponent lower on specific assignments
another assignment from another competitions
we have had to play from our strong and that is a pity offensive
that getting better football is better
the interaction with
calling is getting better and better
well there many players benefit from it
for the most part also not quite often in such situations
because he dico can make the return higher
must also be called that is clear though
He will get there and also the sides with the early for September because he wants
also a lot of scroll print
well that is getting better and better
and in which there used to be
that a point of attention was that we created too little offensive is that
in particular
very good in home games
you saw scapegoat pellè a number of times a player got involved
predicted young people can change their role in that regard in the team
that is always the case and also with us it was someone in the beginning
find who knows what he wants and how he wants to be played
and thereby have to accommodate people who
useless that is people are often also not defensible
if you see that against roda that people involved in all goals and you can too
with him
at times a bit more opportunistic, the newspaper rather plays tall ball high
play ball
a lot has come out that can still be improved
and that part has certainly improved greatly
unfortunately three years is fixed at mb s at parma
and then you get that
you know that if you
send a player
In addition
if they do that every year
a peak in the spring that is not that important well then we will
jamaican last year is just about animals counter goals is also one
matter of concern though he has doubted to do in particular you think
the hook I think it's a number of things lies a number of things one is already
authenticity that it takes way too long and too much time when we really position
are defending that we are about the situation in the country
that also shows when the second club falls out of the second goal
a short corner then
there are still so many players in the sixteen that race don't even agree with the face
the situation is still there
the sixteen meters in an open bus
it starts with 10 it starts with the organization as quickly as possible in your position
and fulfill agreements and be included in those agreements
made mistakes
and the and and and that is not allowed
agrees that those kinds of moments we have to do a lot for it
opportunities to turn and have the return but
we get too easy still moments, of course that is very important
part of the game
but we have enough length
if you looked like he could
you can take into account what more often the purchase against permanent members chosen and
so it is about the duel what is the position of a direct opponent and
that all needs to be better and the number for mid-neck winners in midfield
options further too big maybe win in venlo retail group with an assist
not good
in the Sunday cup match not in the selection but what is he on this
moment
you already give it to the group is very big so whatever we look at
is
no the return the level that players keep on training and because they are at the
promises
yes and then make the choice that deserves more
and then the other to be with the group and that is a left-wing opposition and others
side it is not always the most pleasant position of the event
You have to disappoint a lot of players and that is sometimes difficult
to make
we have chosen this and everyone is fit
well mbo incisions came to the group
and then there is a winter break for a moment
in this which to indicate what future is at this club
we also notice that for you by top trainer who is concrete in utrecht
has increased
the notes of years ago
that more struggle is being fought also cannot say after and in at times
but it can still be better because you always have to deal with players
that the
who are disappointed and who are not in the group or not even on the couch
to sit
well then you come up with a motivational problem that player can
that keep bringing what is asked to that is not for every player
not every player can not afford it with us either